Add steps for upgrading hardened setups from v1.24 to v1.25 (#53)
rancher/rke2-docs: docs/known_issues.md

  policyTypes:
  - Ingress
```
For more information, refer to comments on https://github.com/rancher/rke2/issues/3195.

> # Upgrading Hardened Setup from v1.24.x to v1.25.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Upgrading Hardened Clusters from v1.24.x to v1.25.x
```

> Kubernetes dropped the PodSecurityPolicy feature in v1.25 in favor of Pod Security Admission. You can read more about that in the [upstream documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-policy/). For RKE2, this means there are some manual steps that must be taken in case the `profile: cis-1.5` or `profile: cis-1.6` flag had been set on the nodes.

Reviewer: Lets link to the new PSS docs, as the PSP docs will probably go away within the next release or two.
```suggestion
Kubernetes dropped removed Pod Security Policy from v1.25, in favor of Pod Security Standards. You can read more about PSS in the [upstream documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-standards/). For RKE2, there are some manual steps that must be taken if the `profile` flag has been set on nodes.
```

Author: Which do we want to show? Technically, the PSP features was removed in favor of the PSA feature. PSS then defines standards for PSA: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission/

Reviewer: I would probably prefer to link to the PSS docs... PSS is the replacement for PSPs, while the PSA docs cover the behavior of the Admission Controller that enforces PSS. If that makes sense?

> 1. On all nodes, change that flag to `profile: cis-1.23`

Reviewer: We need to be careful about this, because the new value will be considered invalid and prevent RKE2 from starting if they attempt to restart before upgrading.
```suggestion
1. On all nodes, update the `profile` value to `cis-1.23`, but do not restart or upgrade RKE2 yet.
```
